♪
[CASSEROLE]
Agnes.
Please stay calm
and hear me out.
My word dear, you look so pale.
Is something the matter?
[sighs]
Oh, I can guess!
You wasted money
buying something frivolous
again, right?
It's just fine.
You know I've never gotten mad
at you over things like that!
All right.
So, what did you get me?
[CASSEROLE]
I'm so very sorry.
[AGNES]
Tell me, dear.
Agnes, there's a new girl
in my life!
Huh?
Please forgive me.
Oh. [laughs]
I suppose this sort of thing
happens all the time, right?
Though, it is rather shocking.
[thunders]
I didn't mean for any of it
to transpire the way it did
but I couldn't seem
to resist such a strong will.
Oh, is that so?
Tell me all about this girl.
Of course.
She's truly beautiful,
With an impeccable pedigree.
Really? Then I assume
she must be quite a charmer?
[CASSEROLE]
And she's a twin, too!
Have you gone insane?
Agnes, stop it! I should have
asked for your permission first.
What? Why would you think
I'd ever agree
to something like that?
Um, well, Pas
has no objection to it,
and I think she's more than
an acceptable fiancée
for our dear son.
Hm! Wait, Pas what?
He? He agreed to?
Huh?
[CASSEROLE] What did you think
I was talking about?
[AGNES] I thought you were
confessing to an affair.
Father, how is Mother taking it?
-She might need some time.
-So, she's really in shock?
I expect it to last
at least a month.
[cries]
Another beautiful daughter?
I can't wait to meet her!
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius pâtissier
whose dream of making the
world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world full
of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn,
and dreams of creating
this new world's
very own land of sweets!
[COATON]
Count Retes! Your Ladyship!
You're so loud.
What could it be?
It's the heir to House Morteln.
He's just become engaged!
Uh!
[COATON] He's been matched with
one of Margrave Hubarek's
younger daughters!
How's that possible?
That impoverished
backwater knight,
joining the Margrave's house?
Ugh!
[RETES]
That'll leave a blood red stain.
[clear throat]
Why, I apologize
for startling you.
Go on.
Which of his daughters is it?
Uh! She's the fourth one,
Licorice Mille Hubarek.
Twin sister to Petra,
who was recently engaged
to a different noble,
Duke Kadlecek's grandson Squale.
[RETES] She's the one involved
in the recent kidnapping.
That's right. It appears to be
an engagement
to prove her innocence in the
wake of the abduction incident.
At least,
that's the vulgar rumor
people are spreading.
I see.
[COATON] Do you suppose
there's any possibility
that the Hubareks intend
to wait a few years
until the memory of
all this drama has faded away,
and dissolve
the engagement at that time?
I don't think that's the case.
Hubarek must have
another motive.
Is it to set others
at ease regarding
their family's intentions?
Oh! That makes sense!
Once they joined
with Margrave Kadlecek's house,
the sway of House Hubarek
grew significantly stronger.
Indeed. Binding their house
to a minor one like Moreteln
is quite a strategic move.
Essentially making the case
he has no further intentions
of gaining power through
marriage politics.
Truly impressive.
[RETES] It's exactly the kind of
thing that shrewd man
would think of.
And there's one more thing.
Though it is small now,
he sees potential
in the Fief of Morteln,
to grow into a bountiful land,
on par with my own.
[COATON]
That could never happen!
But what if.
When that wasteland was first
granted to him twenty years ago,
it was a trap to ensure young
Lord Casserole's failure.
I've heard it took them years
to produce their first harvest.
Though, in the past three years,
they've reduced their
wheat yield,
and began to cultivate beans.
The result?
By using the abundance of beans
as fertilizer
to nourish the soil,
they've improved
subsequent wheat harvests.
That's brilliant.
And who do you think
was behind that bright idea?
Could it not have been
the suggestion
of that silver-haired child?
[COATON]
Impossible!
You know
he's only nine years old, right?
Yes well, have you forgotten
when they came here to negotiate
compensation for the bandits?
I was surprised to find
that Lord Morteln
was not the one
conducting the negotiations,
it was his child.
And I'll admit he completely
got the better of me.
There's no room for doubt.
That sly old fox has noticed
the boy's potential.
I've been outmaneuvered.
[humming]
[PAS]
There we go!
All right Lord Pas,
that should be it!
Great, thank you for your help!
Hey Pas, what's in all these?
Is it food?
Duke Kadlecek
and his grandson, Lord Squale,
have sent the goods I asked for!
I've been waiting for them
to arrive!
During their engagement party,
I got them to promise
to help our fief
and give us the aid
we need to grow!
-Aah!
-Uh?
-[LUMI] What is it?
-[MARC] A bush?
It's a black locust sapling
also known as pseudo acacia.
Okay. So, can we put
this thing in a recipe?
I'm afraid not.
We could make a bunch of black
locust pie, couldn't we?
Well, if I did, you sure
wouldn't want to eat it.
Um!
[laughs]
-But wait.
-For what?
[PAS] These trees
are really easy to grow,
even in infertile soil,
and they provide nectar!
-They do?
-And that's good?
You see, their nectar
plus some bees makes honey!
[BOTH]
Honey? The sweet stuff?
It makes
everything taste so good.
Yes, the sweetest of stuff!
It's been such
an indispensable ingredient
to the creation
of confectionary delights
across time,
that any place with a history
of desserts always involves
beekeeping!
[BOTH]
Whoa!
We'll raise trees!
We'll get that honey,
then we'll eat all the sweets!
Yep, that's it!
[BOTH]
Hooray!
Of course, there are
some real challenges
with raising them on our land.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, I bet I know!
Soil and water, right?
That's right!
Brilliant deduction, Lumi!
-Oh!
-My grandfather taught me that.
[PAS] The Fief of Morteln
gets little precipitation.
So, any trees we plant
tend to die
before they're able
to fully grow.
[MARC] How are we gonna
get 'em water, then?
With a shifting of gears.
I don't really
know what that means.
Is it something you can eat?
Afraid not! It just means
we have to change our approach.
But there are sweets
created from a shifting
of gears as well.
-Uh!
-So, what should we change?
[PAS] Rather than imitating
lands with plentiful rainfall,
I think I've got a better
strategy,
we'll grow them
the same way arid regions do.
Okay, but what does that mean?
We're gonna build a reservoir!
A razzle bar, eh?
-Can we...
-You can't eat it.
It's used to collect water.
If it's big it'll last us
all year long,
even during the early spring
when it's usually dry.
And what's more,
I chose this relatively
undeveloped land
because it's
the perfect place for it to go!
[FEUILLE]
After taking out expenses,
the profits
on the sale of textiles
comes out to eight silver coins.
Our wheat trade
is in the black by
fourteen silver and five copper.
And if you account for
the emergency aid we received,
that's four and three-eighths
gold profit.
There's the end
of last year's earnings report!
Congratulations!
Our administration has succeeded
in staying within budget
and has even earned
a full-year profit!
At long last
we've come to this point.
I've always tried to look
at the bright side,
but it was pretty touch
and go when we first got here.
The past twenty years,
it's had its ups and its downs,
but it all paid off.
It sure has and the boy's
been a big help, hasn't he?
My dear son! What a gift!
He must've been sent by God
to answer my prayers.
I wasn't gonna take it
quite that far.
Look at you, what a proud papa!
Feuille,
you've done so much for me.
Throughout everything
you, Cointreau and Glacage
stayed with me.
I owe you all.
Oh, give me a break.
I made the decision to stick
with you a long time ago,
so don't worry about it.
Now, there are two remaining
updates that I'm here to report.
Which do you want to hear first?
The good news or the bad?
Let me see. Let's start
with the good news.
I'm feeling lucky.
I'd like to hold on
to that for a while.
That's what
I figured you would say.
You're gonna like this.
We've gathered
over forty applicants
who want to move into
our new village, Le Milotte.
[CASSEROLE]
Wow, forty people?
Most of them are
refugees from nearby.
They were left
with nowhere to go
after their farms were
ravaged by bandits.
If there are forty of them,
we'll want to speed up getting
the village in shape.
[FEUILLE] Well, we do have
more manpower now.
So, I think we'll figure it out.
And how have those
newcomers been doing?
You mean, the five men
we hired with the money
we got from handling
the Licorice kidnapping?
Glacage
is showing them the ropes.
That's good.
So long as having
more people means
the land will grow more
prosperous, I won't complain.
So, what is the bad news about?
So, this is a big one.
It's your kid.
I've been told he's embarked
in a brand-new venture.
Someone sent a report that
he was headed all the way out
to Le Milotte with just
his two friends in tow.
That little mischief-maker!
Why can't he sit still
for a single minute?
[thuds] Feuille, we're going!
I'm ready when you are!
[BOTH sigh]
[crackles] Let's do this.
Time to Excavate!
[explosion]
[ALL groan]
[BOTH gasp]
What did you do?
Awesome!
Amazing.
[PAS] I can't believe
I was able to secretly replicate
Strudel's magic so perfectly!
That was so crazy, Pas!
Magic, right? What kind?
Uh!
[BOTH]
Um, Pas? Are you...
[laughs]
It worked? This is great!
And this spell's way more useful
than I expected it to be!
[laughs]
I can do this!
I feel so powerful right now!
It will work! It will work!
-It will work! It will work!
-Did he crack?
Our next suzerain lord
has gone mad.
Now then,
let's move on to the next one!
Excavate!
[explosion]
[laughs] Excavate! Excavate!
Excavate! Excavate!
[BOTH sigh]
Huh! [laughs]
That should about do it!
I can't believe it!
I'm impressed!
He did all of this?
And it's so solid.
The ground's packed down
really hard.
Because it's a reservoir!
Here's what I think.
We should go ahead and plant
the trees all around it.
It shouldn't be too long before
it rains again,
and that'll fill this up.
As the trees grow,
they'll store their own water,
thus creating
a symbiotic relationship
[PAS] that'll all work
together in harmony!
Uh! What a dream come true!
I could use
that excavation spell
to propel me right into my
beloved land of sweets!
It's perfect!
No, no! Don't think like that!
When you bake desserts,
proper process and time
is of greatest importance.
Pas, wake up.
What could be wrong? Leave me.
My closed eyes are envisioning
the most beautiful scene
anyone's ever imagined!
Yeah, well, you might wanna
consider opening those eyes now.
No way. I'm really enjoying
myself. Why would I wanna...
Uh!
What have you been
doing to my village, Pas?
[laughs]
Why, hello there, Father.
[CASSEROLE]
What is this?
[FEUILLE] I thought I heard
the sound of a massive landslide
but... this is crazy.
Uh? I think I may
have overdone things just a bit.
"A bit?" Pastry. Really?
What do I do
with such a fool of a son?
[ALL scream]
-Urgh!
-That hurt bad!
Why'd you have to hit us too?
[COATON]
Er, Your Ladyship.
♪
Beg pardon, would you have me
freshen up your tea for you?
I certainly hope you're
not still worrying yourself
over House Morteln's
political connections?
Surely, it can't be personal.
Are you really that concerned
over the Morteln heir?
[RETES]
Hmm!
No, that's not it.
If I had a daughter,
I might have made the same
decision that old fox did.
I'm surprised.
As to Kadlecek and Hubarek,
what really gets under my skin,
why in the world would
those two easterners join forces
and start meddling
in the affairs of the south?
It's just rude!
If they're so
interested in my business,
they should come talk to me
about it!
[gulps]
Hmm! It's gone lukewarm!
It's starting to sound as though
you would prefer to marry
the boy yourself.
-Aah!
-Um!
[COATON]
Forgive me, Your Ladyship.
I spoke in jest.
If I were ten years younger
or had the young Morteln
happened to be born
ten years earlier,
that might've been possible.
Oh!
[RETES]There must be some way
I can take him under my wing.
Of course.
Shall I refresh your tea now?
Um!
Uh!
You've just given me
a brilliant idea.
[chuckles]
♪
[BOY 1]
Hey, slow down!
[laughing]
I'll be. It's working perfectly!
[MALE VILLAGER 1] Truly a most
excellent irrigation channel!
[MALE VILLAGER 2]
Lord Pas created
three giant ponds
for us!
I've never seen such a thing!
It's so amazing!
He made all three of them
in less than a month!
How, though?
Wouldn't it take at least
a month just to make one?
[COINTREAU]
How crafty! Water without wells?
By using a reservoir
for irrigation channels?
I never would have
thought of such a thing!
[panting]
Cointreau!
Hey, it's Lord Pas!
[PAS]
What do you think?
It's looking great.
I'm impressed.
[PAS] I'm so glad! We got all
the saplings planted, too.
And once
we start collecting honey.
-We'll make lots of sweets!
-Then pig out!
That's right! We'll feast!
-[JOSEPHINE] Pas!
-Oh, hi Josie!
A letter just arrived.
It's addressed to you!
It's for me?
It seemed fairly urgent to me,
so I brought it by.
I had offered to bring it,
but Josie really wanted to.
There's a chance it's a message
from your cute fiancée!
Isn't it my job as your
sister to keep you in line?
Hang on! And what
do you mean by that?
[chuckles]
Ah! Wow this is.
[BOTH]
Hmm!
From your fiancée after all?
It's from Count Retes
in Retesvale.
-And you're sure it was for you?
-So, what does she want now?
It's an invitation
to a tea tasting ceremony.
"I hope you'll grace us
with your presence
and your most esteemed
opinion on our newest teas."
[PAS]
"I eagerly await your reply."
[gasps]
She asked for me, specifically.
She's definitely
up to something.
[Feuille] Once that's over,
we'll have to figure out
how to manage the grain storage.
Uhh! Why is there
so much to do here?
These stacks never stop
piling up!
That's enough complaining.
I thought, um, life would be
sweet out in the sticks.
Look, I can relate, okay?
We're all busy as hell
all the time
and we have
that little devil to thank.
[PAS]
You misunderstand, Feuille.
[FEUILLE]
Kiddo?
Everything
that happens in Morteln
happens only with
the full approval
and supervision
of its suzerain lord.
In other words,
it is my dear father
who's got you all so busy.
Right, and why don't you
remind me
who exactly went over
that suzerain lord's head
to dig a reservoir, huh?
As the liege lord's successor,
I was acting on his behalf.
You know you've got
a real smart mouth on ya, kid.
Wow, thank you!
It wasn't a compliment!
If you've got complaints,
direct them at this guy right
here! Go on now!
-Really lay into him!
-Sure, I'll keep that in mind.
And by the way, do you know
why my father's not around?
He had to fly off for business
at the royal capital.
Guess he's still not back yet.
Oh, too bad.
[gasps] Something you need
to talk to him about, kid?
I guess. I got this invitation,
Count Retes has asked me
to attend a tea ceremony.
Just you specifically?
[PAS] Yeah. I'm pretty sure
she's plotting something.
That seems very likely.
It felt like something
Father should be aware of.
[CASSEROLE]
I already know all about it.
I heard it in the capital.
And not from Count Retes,
before you ask.
What could she be up to now?
I don't know.
Does she want revenge
for how I handled the bandit
compensation discussion?
Well, we'll talk
about that later.
Anyway, I've brought an
important guest with me today.
Who's here?
[footsteps]
-[sighs]
-Lady Licorice!
♪
Hello, Lord Pastry!
Oops, I beg your pardon.
It's just Pastry.
I wanted to see you again.
Ah, it's you, My Lady!
I'm happy to see you, as well.
A surprise visit from
your lovely fiancée? Lucky you.
[CASSEROLE]
Not merely a visit.
Uh?
Please forgive me,
there's a good reason
I'll be imposing
on your hospitality for a while.
I'm confused. You mean
you're going to be living here?
Um?
Hmm!
♪
[sighs] Uh?
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
Sweet or Bitter?
The Tea Tasting Ceremony.
Bon appétit!